Is the branch for the manual. We have the provider Ocas provider which was malfunctioning. So have to fix that. That's a number of things I have to fix. So for now, that's the progress. Solutions. Submissions. Okay. So I have a suggestion. Please, if you can share your screen again, So I'm thinking, like, it's a long process for a user to get to know that he or she has to click on read more to have the notes. Is it possible that after a meeting, we have the notes there, then we can give them an option to change the templates. What do you think? I didn't get you in it. I didn't understand. So instead of having the summary down there, Then we have to click on read more to go back to their notes. Why don't we have after a meeting when we click on notes we have notes already there in default or general templates, then we can give a user an option of maybe changing the same plates just as you did because I think it's a lot of discussion. No. When you go to read more, Okay? Yeah. Read mode is in the left column under the Yes. So you want so transcripts are highlighted. First, As the first tab open, you want the notes to be the first tab that is open. No. No notes. Not to be open instead. On the right hand panel? You see in their in the the notes that we see below the video. Can you see them? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I was thinking there we can have maybe something like a summary of something like 3 3 lines, very brief. Then in the notes section, a user should be able to get like a default or general template of their notes there. Then maybe they can have an option of maybe choosing another template if they don't like the general or default template that is there. So this is there, and now the templates is there. Isn't there a template there? That's it. They can be And you said it was notes there? They chose it. Yeah. Yeah. But I think are you trying to refer the the super normal? Is that the u user flow you're trying to get to. Right? Somehow, yeah. So she's thinking that we should have a default template already chosen if there is no template. Yeah. Yep. I think that's a expected idea that we were generating summaries before. And, yeah, the whole idea was that we put the summary in 1. In that place instead of baking into 5 different pieces. It's I saw that 1. Know who's kind of missing cell. That's what I started by seeing, like, we are creating the template. We are creating the note once you auto summarize. You get the default template already created. There is a note for that. And that's what I'm trying to pull into this particular station. Okay. So Now let me ask you this, James. You picked this template. Can you go back? Can we change the template now? Now if we change the template, will everything get populated or do we have to manually move some things over? No. The template is 1 of the being that is missing here is the compute. So what I'm trying to show you is you select this template Once you click at it, I'm showing you a preview of how the output will look like. So you have a number of options. A number of templates for you. So you choose that particular template, and I'm generating your notes as a summary of the basis of the outputs that the structure are shown in that particular preview. Yeah. So that's what I'm trying to do. So 1 1 thing that Yeah. It's here's the thing, James. Like, I don't I I hear in its point. I don't think, like, people are going to notice templates first. Like, we are supposed to just In fact, like, your user story should be that it should work first of all without template. Right? And then you can template is a feature that you can go and change the the instead of showing it like outcome, interest, and all that. And you can So please simply answer this, like, no. So when we reach here after the recording is done, will we have a pre populated template Yes. And not will be already be there. Not at the a template is the structure. So what you'll get here is a -- A note will be already -- a structure that Yep. But notice already to be there. Exactly. So and we'll can change it. And if if you want to show quickly, like, know what your UX is going to look like you can. But this was that easy on this. So a number of things happened here. Last Friday, I had an issue with what we call mock reviews. So mock reduce was that. In such a manner that you map and at the same time where it is. So I know what is map of doing, but what has to do? What does does have to do in here? So the number of calls that you are making to open AI, there are so many that it will be so cost effective for you. So what I did was go into that particular package and try and to to edit the the functioning of that model dysfunction. So So this is much Let me understand this. This is still not running on language or anything. Right? This is learning on language. This is launching actually. Is launching. So I had to, like, do my custom. It's build on top of what launching is for. I can do. So that's what I have to do to achieve this. So is it so in terms of each year yeah. Yeah. You are talking about, like, multiple things now. So first of all, like, what's the simple idea of having a simple default note? Inserted into this? Like, when can you deliver just this feature without showing user the templates? Okay. So the key thing that I think is missing is going to compression of this audio card and just remove the this audio card, like, now, go to the revert this after that audio card, what is left out? So after that, we have this insights of we check and we have to be trusted. Then we have like, puts an number in terms of user experience. This is more to, like, damn field. Oh, we don't need any service. We don't need actions with this question. Access's already there. Exactly. Exactly. So it's just let's say clean up and a fast version of your card. Alright. And Okay. So can you didn't give this today? Like, now after cleaning app? I can give a default yep. So think another big question. Now do you want it to go like this where user has to select a template? No. That's what I'm saying. Like, no. So but but So I just want to make sure that James understood that. Yeah. So user stories same as, like, what we had force. We are sending, like, a summary email. Right? So whatever is in that summary email is is here. Instead of somebody email having all those things, we should have, like, a very brief summary, and people can come here and they can do all this. In fact, I'm not sure. Like, you even need mentions and all that here, James. Like, no. Because you've basically, used the reason that you're trying to run through the advanced level. I need this, like, it's all already almost a week now. Right? So let's let's finish this, deploy a 1 base user story and then keep coming back to the next next level. Right? So now with with length chain, like, on my main question is here, is is length chain familiarize all the meetings also? Like, Is it? Adi gets view. Will line change be able to summarize all the meetings? I mean, you have some background noise. Will link changes? Is all the meetings in a in an account in a central place? Yeah. That's what we call. Like, it's chatbot. It's the same thing. Yeah? Sure. Yes. I need to look at the logic to say I'm feeling a com little confused because you did something, and you're not able to confidently say how the whole thing is going to work. So after this call, let's let's do this more deep analysis on, like, what's the tech stack is going to be or what are the deployment changes, etcetera. Okay. Okay. James, before you stop sharing, I have a question. Mhmm. For the version that you are going to get, are we still going to have a summary, like, what you're having below the video? Yes. Okay. So I think it's not a good idea to have that. Maybe we can have a gist just a gist of the whole recording below that. So that we have not separately and something else under that. What do you think? What will be that something else in it? Under the video, we can have some we can have a gist. A gist like it's an overview of the whole recording, something like 3 lines, giving a description of the whole recording, then in the notes section, we can we can have the detailed information. For now, I would say take what he has and then we can change it. Is it just a display thing? You know, she's not, like okay. James, is this description different from the summary? The note summary? No. It's not. But it looks different. This text is our discussion between GMC and blah blah blah and here using discuss This is because yeah. This is because it's a template. This is what you get from the default template. This is what I got from the general template. You see? That's the difference. So do we need to some ways? Like, that's the question. And they are, like, both come different people using. You guys are pretty busy. Yeah. You you are feel confused. Like, honestly, these these are this getting this and this is 1 template. So if I'm going to show that default template, which I'm calling a default template, it's the 1 that is going to appear here, and it's going to contain this summary. And these keywords and the chapter is Let me click on read more. The read more is going to bring you to moments. You can't, like, expand your. We spoke of you. Yeah. Okay. I think so this summary is not reflecting anything that Do you think, like, this summary is, like, more accurate or more? The 1 on the left side is, like, you know, has your your beneficiary. This is the outcome of what But as a user I'm as a user. Okay. You showed me 2 summaries. 1 is on the left. Side, 1 is on the right side. Which 1 should I focus on? No. Because they are different. The the key thing would be you see, I selected a template here as general template, but we have the default template, which is the 1 that I'm getting for the So once you come to this page, you shall find the default template, which is going to contain the same exact summary that I'm showing here. It's only that I'm showing 3 lines of that particular format. But right now, though, compared to because these are 2 different templates that I'm I think I believe That's this case. I think that's what and it is saying that if we have the summary on the right side, do we need it on any separate field as well? Yeah. System notes, you know. Okay. So no. I it's a question like, you know, you might know you have point, what what do you want to say on that? Yeah. So I think James answered my question. The question was if there's summer he is affiliated with the notes because the natural behavior would be, like, to click read more, and then it sort expands to let you read more than see less. If you want notes, you can go to the notes tab. But if they are affiliated, then think it's okay to click on reading my documents. So what's your mean, again So so I get what he's saying. What he's saying is if I click on read more, usually, you continue reading -- Yes. -- something that is you click read more on. So in this case, is read read more taking me to notes, then what I should start with should have been continuation of what I was reading here. So expanded form of that. But it's totally different. Right? Exactly. And Exactly. That is a problem, James. Exactly. You're not getting it. I I get you. I get you under the same But that's imagine this case. I I guess with you a flow of So so this is what I'm saying. Okay? Now hear me, I'm what is under the notes, either it should be not have read more and just have notes. If it is read more, when you come to notes, you should start with discussion, then outcome, next steps. What does interest mean? I don't understand interest. This was borrowed from, like, from what you have received from online that I'm trying to look at there is a card that I don't remember, honey. So we do not have options here, we have pinpoints and interests. Right? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Not every summary will have pinpoint and interest. Then Yes. Noted. It will depend on the template that you choose. Okay. So if I pick a template which has pinpoint and interests, and there is no pain point in interest, then what is going to come here? I don't think for a general template, we should have pain points. Next steps, discussion outcome. I think we need to we need to go through these this general template and simplify it maybe. What is I will have to read this. I cannot read this in this. Shared form, but we can -- Yes. -- take a look at it and test it out, and I think we may want to simplify or change the headings a little bit. Are these headings configurable? Yeah. This is configurable. Meaning, are they hard coded or they are somewhere so easy to change. Written. Mhmm. Like, James should have started this way. That these templates template is basically the headlines. Correct. So the what he's doing with GPT is, like, it's he's giving the transcript and the headlines to GPT. And if it is pulling up the details for you. Okay. Got it. Now I now I got it. In a simpler way. So what we are trying to do is that the with template is, let's say, you have a customer call. You need to tell us what kind of call you had And based on that, like, we can create a more appropriate summary for you. Right. And the number times, we give this summary to GPT, we have additional cost if a person keeps changing template. Yes or no. So now that's something that he's fixing on his back end. I still need to work on it, but usually, we should be able to extract what we can ask from the transcript as a separate model and customize it. So the cost will go down as we have our own embeddings or but also the benefit is that we should be able to summarize across the transcripts in the whole account. Right. So the cost, eventually, I'm not sure what he meant to say, but any earlier, what we were doing was, like, we were sending a transcript and a cushion again and again to OpenAI. So it's supposed to be changed now. James, is that right? Like, now you have less number of calls to get all this data? Did we talk in your mute? Sorry about that, Matt. So are you talking? I kind of muted you, but Spectrum. There was Dean actually making a question to James, but he left. And maybe he has connection issues. No. I'm I'm right here. Can you guys hear me or no? No. No. I hear you. James is no longer in the meeting. James left. Yep. So anyway, the feature is nice, like, you know, probably we need to describe it better. The feature that James is working on is something like this. Like, where we can switch the templates and get a different type of summary. From the same meeting again and again. Right? I think in the next iteration, we can even detect, like, what kind of meeting you have and choose that as a default template instead of hard coding it to a generic template. Yeah. Yeah. I I like it. It it actually provides a lot of value because you can see it from different approach. Now my main, like, concern was there's a lot of things that we should like, a fix before this. I don't know if if James is gonna come back, for example, because I wanted to see if if he was able to modify the the transcription that is doing a part in English and part in Spanish. For their crappy people because also 2 other 2 other companies ask me like about that. Yeah. So, Matt, like, now this whole is, like, redesigning the whole back end for summarizing. So earlier, we were doing 1 call at a time, like, for getting each answer. Right? Well, yeah. I got all of that, and it's it's script. It's good because, actually, you're doing less calls, and that's less, at least, cost, and the overall. So that's great. I like that approach. So that's good. That's that's 10 list cost. Yeah. The Spanglish option problem should also be fixed, but there's a hard fix that we can deploy today to to circumvent that Spanglish problem. But I the major problem is, like, no. We are burning too much money with Topanii. And we need to improve the back end. So we figured, like, no. This it's, like, no new system that is coming up, which can work with either OpenAI or BAR at same time like so you can switch easily. So it can like, no. We can later on use the autonomous agents and other things. This is what the main thing is, which is not visible right now. But inside, he's changing our back end to use LAN chains. Say open source, so, like, still need to work with him. But first, to simple features for you are. 1 is this, that you can define your template and the summary will be more customized for you. So Matt, like, you, in fact, can ask Ravi to define their own templates. That's the idea. So we are not summarizing for them. So some Spanglish problem is resolved. Like, no plus they get, like, no 3 or 4 extra features. Okay. So let me ask that today, and I'll get back to you on Slack. With at least 1. This is for the growth team, b to b growth team. So maybe it's gonna be more towards sales. Okay. Okay. So so James, like, what is their idea on this? Like, can we do this 1 transcript pipe today? Like, 1 basic fix today, which will fix the problem from RAPI also? Yes. Yes. Yes. The the basic 1, the default 1 should fix that. So remove all the not working features and give me 1 release so we can deploy this. So also, I remember yeah. I'm loving that changes from Humana. So this needs to be testing the profile before it's You can drop all the changes from your manual. You can just start from the UI only. Right? Build with a number of user interface as well. So Do you, like, know what's my thinking? You have always this. Like, now, hey, I have a number of things. But eventually, like, no. We need to drop 1 release out. Okay. So I don't care about, like, I have a number of things. I need just 1 thing working. That's all. 1 thing. No. Add on the next thing tomorrow. Why holding everything, like, you know, at at the stake of this guy like us? Yes. Why why don't we aren't we developing different features in different feature branches? So that's that's my first session with James. Like, you know, that he Why why are we mixing code from different it's in same feature. Right? No. My the things that I made on on the package on my different branch computer. It is the the refactoring this error. I'm sorry I received that call. Yeah. The only thing that's in refactoring this page. So I'm building on top of feature, whatever the work that you have already done. Also, this matches with whatever map you have already started working on. So whatever I have whatever I'm showing today is gonna be there. So that's the time. If it's the back end, I can just keep the market because I have the the a branch for that. Okay, dude. We need to talk about our branding strategy. This is not going to work like this. You guys have to have separate feature branches. Each ticket should be testable on its own. And then you merge and decide these 3 tickets together have to go together. And then we merge them. Right? We can't randomly code. Pick 1 3 tickets and start quoting them in 1 branch. We should not do that. Yeah. And -- Right. -- biggest problems, like, look at this this ticket is 01:51 hours. It's, like, no more than a month. With 2 people. Like, this is ridiculous, seriously. We have to break down every ticket into not more than 5 days worth of work. Okay. I think that's something you need to work with, Annette, used to All subtasks have to be done individually in their own branch. So 1 big ticket is an epic, but each ticket inside it should be a testable not more than 5 days worth of work. Testable individually. And if you think You need The is 3 different epic, then that's what we need to do, an MVP, then that's what we need to do. I have had this chat within it. Already did that. So this time here, I think sometime, HubSpot was not working. So Emmanuel tracked all his work here. I think he mentioned that thing earlier. Aman. Do you remember? I mentioned it a couple of times, and I'm still not able to access all the issues in Hub stuff. Then you said you would fix that there's no fix yet. So we have no option but to track on, like, 1 general epic. So We're talking about click up or hub stuff. Hub stuff. So the what's happening is I don't know. There was some kind of update that Okay. So Okay. Dean, can you fix this? This is ridiculous. It should not be that No. So what he's saying is ridiculous because he actually worked on this page for more than a month. Now James is working on the same page for more than a week. So whatever it's being reflected there is not too far from the truth. We need to break this, like, into a smaller And my biggest frustration is last week, twice it happened, James went like, James did not give any update in the last 3 days. Right? And I kept asking what is done, what is done is not like so somewhere, this is messed up. So so what what they are saying is they can only work on 1 ticket and only that is getting tracked in HubSpot. They can't work on any other ticket. That's not true. I need to look into it, but this is I I don't understand because actually, I don't get that. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I I it could be a small problem, but that's not the problem at hand. The tickets that you these guys are working are too large, to be honest. And this is what they are saying. They're making them large because they can't track them on HubStar. So let's fix this HubSpot issue for the ASAP. And then if they don't do this, then -- Thank you. -- will they I even hold them accountable. Yeah. Take this offline. So and then do you have anything else for this? No. The Matt is here. Do we want to discuss something with Matt? If they've they've upgrade set up. Is the is also the the calendar sync, like, correctly with the bar joining? Those were like Now it was things that I sent last week. Now it was the update on that. We need to deploy on production. It seems we haven't deployed since Friday. Okay. Please tell me 1 by 1. What things are fixed in the bot calendar and bot and what is coming up. So What's Matt's discussed and brought to us on on Friday. I think those are fixed, which includes the the calendar sync plus the the bot's not joining the comb. So that is fixed. So what was coming up next in maybe 20 around 20 is the same. I have to sign up page, which is what we've discussed, and we can sign up only with them. So let me ask him. There are multiple problems in the calendar and bugs. Right? So first of all, bugs were not joining the calls because calendar was not synced. So that problem is fixed or are we still working through the recurring meetings? Right? Recurring meetings at separate problems, but both joining individual meetings are fixed. Why did my bot left the call when the the meeting started today? That bot is not even on staging on on production. I'm not sure where the bot is from. Maybe your local I checked the missions. I didn't see your bots joining, but I have these robots currently now. Joining the call. I have the missions here. This was it's joined Yeah. Now what I'm saying is joined from maybe your locale if you have your local setup. Okay. So alright. So, Matt, like, this is multiple set of issues we are facing. 1 issue is, like, you know, internal. The calendar calendar syncing still needs some more fixes. But we were also running into a problem with the our deployment host, like, you know, that we cannot have more than 20 bots working at same time. So I think, like, I need to talk to them. But now he's trying to see, like, what what can we do internally. I I give I give you a fix for that. What's I haven't yet them you said you're deploying, but I think you can -- Okay. -- fix that. But for now, I have this Shell scripts that I'm manually removing. It's does the work pretty good. And then for those months, I have and anatomy test it, which is already managed, but not deployed. Okay. So that's like the spirit of building a startup. So good thing and bad thing is, Matt, we have more than 20 people trying to start the boards at same time. Especially during 9AM rush hours or something. And it's kind of, like, no overcapacity that the are infrastructure can handle. So I'm going to upgrade some back end accounts and fix it. But there's still some bugs in the calendar sync especially for recurring meetings. So that's now we is going to fix now we I give you the logic. I need a fix for that. Like, you are not what that tracking meeting fix so far? Yeah. I wanted to give out this change first so that I'm not doing 2 things at the same time. Okay. Yeah. So I already have this fixed. And am I having odds, the Google sign up fix? Also have this somebody which is working fine on my local, but trying to fix the problem with the staging, which is I think permission problems only. So I just need more time to figure it out how to fix the authorize URL on staging. Yeah. What the So this yeah. This week, let's just fix the the bugs and, like, know, the customer complaints and try to get back. I don't think we are adding any new features this week. So except for, like, what is already under under development? Any bugs we are fixing, are we creating ticket for them, Navi? Yeah. Yeah. We are creating tickets for that. Okay. But sometimes they have some hotfixes that needs to be done ASAP, like Right. For some particular yeah. But still, we should create ticket for that also still. Anything that you are checking in the code, it should be traceable to click a click up ticket so we know what we did. With the comment ticket number should be there in the in the check-in. Okay. Not bad. But doesn't that go back to Matt do you want to talk to any of those somebody today? Like, how we should create the customer tracking, like, customer issue tracking product? Yeah. That that was the last part, actually. That I'm receiving a lot of, like, WhatsApp messages of potential issues. So I'm gonna be working with an need on it so that way she can pass it with all the proper test and evidence to the teams so that way we know where the bug is or not. But regarding the bot, the most relevant part is we need to make it like, the the main feedback is people don't wanna join channel before jumping in a call, it wants the bot to enter immediately. And then they will get back to the platform through our email summary. So that's kinda like the life cycle of people using us. So so they want the bot to actually join immediately after the they they they're just having the call. So That depends on the permissions. If the permissions are there -- Yeah. So for example, that Fireflies does that. Right? That's 1 thing. Right? And we when we sync the calendar, maybe we should add a small video or, like, onboarding process for like giving us all the permission within the calendar because so far, there's 3 permissions. Right? And 1 that is not like that that you need to put it yourself is join every call. So maybe we can do something there when the person actually syncs their calendar, say like, hey, like a pop up or something. You want us to join every call, or you want to put some restrictions on it. And with that because the person They're getting them explainer. They need next to these permissions, they need Yeah. That that's the 1 I would say. Maybe they need tool tips for each permission, what each permission does? Now, that's what Nami is showing. Like, maybe we can put a pop up with calendar options saying, like, you wanna join all calendar events? With conference's link or the other 2 that is already there. Right? So if the person actually accepts the 3 of them, then we should be done. And Actually -- Right. -- the the yeah. The the problem is if you select all 3 of them, this is very restrictive. So this is all selecting all 3 is the most restrictive 1. So the biggest -- Okay. -- problem that we have is we need to document it somewhere. Like and it what's the status of, like, new documentation? Actually, James was to work on fixing the fixing intercom or integrating it to our system. Then from there, it keeps up and and do some documentation. Hold on, please. Has nothing to do with James. So you can start building documentation in intercom before connecting it to your site. Exactly. Why would you win? Yeah. Do you want me to walk in it through what she needs to do on intercom? Give me access. I'll get it done. I will, but I already showed her. So that's 1 of my confusion, the y is Okay. Articles is a help site and has nothing to do with the the intercom chatbot. Actually, once your articles are built only then the chatbot starts working because it basically picks up from the articles that you build to talk to a customer or help a customer. Right? So you just need to go in and win your articles. Yeah. Is there anything we can simplify in this UX, Navi? Can you please So so this is what I was thinking, Dean. Is there a is there an option that we want to put some tool tips as to what this does. If next to that next to the, you know, join only calendar events that I own. If there's a tool tip next to it, which brings another pop up which shows in detail, or which expands what this does so that the user can get a little bit more explanation. That's a good idea. So first, if we have a user documentation, at least users can go to that documentation and read what these means, right? Then we can add a tool bot a tool tool tip to connect to that link. Right? So Okay. So, like, here we can do a read me link underneath. Right? Somewhere? And we when we click on it, we take to the article which is specifically for It opens in a new tab. Okay. Yeah. Great. But just for This is probably need we have to start working on that documentation. You have to In it, you have to block your time and say 30 minutes a day or 1 hour a day, I'm doing this work. Right? Sure. That's okay. But, again, this brings in, like, to multiple cushion. So first is, like, now is it Is it possible we can simplify this? Or is that more of a manual question? Should we rather hey. You're starting to create a onboarding wizard. Right? Why don't we put this as an option in the onboarding wizard itself? See. An option. Okay. Yeah. I can put this 1 back here or before this Right? So here, we can show all the check boxes below. Like, you know, hey. Do you want to join all the meetings or restrict increasingly. Oh, alright. Makes more sense. Right. And I gave you some guidelines on UI yesterday. Please read through. So when you're making UI, like, now you're not making something completely new every time. So if this will not take too long, like, no. Please fix it and add it here. It's up. Yeah. It's it won't take too long. Okay. Sounds like I'm good. Alright. So if somebody's writing, like, no, this is what we need to do. 1, fix the options for current calendar sync and give them a clear idea of how it works in a health article. Right? A health article just for calendar, how the calendar is syncing. But also, coming back to this, like, Nomat, like, what is your idea of tracking the customer issues. Should we do a separate meeting on this? Or do you want to, like, you know, have some ideas right here and we No. Let let let's do a separated meeting because I don't know how intercom actually works, and I need to understand how I can start passing, like, the because I'm I'm having calls, WhatsApp messages, and even, like, meetings with calls. When I say calls, it's phone calls. Right? Or meetings like video calls with customers trying to help them understand better how to use us. So that could be kinda like a UX thing, for example, or sometimes it's a specific bug. So I need to understand how I can start passing all of that detail to Anil. And that way, we we can improve and internally get back to the customer. Yeah. That has to be done through clickup, not through intercom. Okay. Intercom Yeah. Hold on. There'll be an action on that. Right? Hold on. Please, like, you know, everybody is, like, trying to say something. So Matt's bigger problem is he wants to give bugs as they are happening in the system. Right? And then yeah. I think, like, Matt is not super aware of clickup, and I don't want to complicate his process rather. So we can have a meeting. We need a meeting with Matt a regular touch point twice a week, I think, to get all the issues from him. Yep. I I can put everything, like, maybe Tuesdays and Thursdays, for example, whatever. Let figure out on on on Slack a time because I'm I'm receiving, like, everyday x amount of of messages of good things and bad things. Right? The good thing is we're solving a real problem. Like, people are happy. Even we had someone paying us. So that's good. Right? The the bad parts are, for example, the ones that I sent last week was the Spanglish part because it's a major customer. It's crappy. And and then there's a few lower customers there that are asking for the same. And then the calendar that people are saying, like, that's a a major thing for them because they they they want the bot to join and not remember to go to a platform to make the ball joint. So those are the 2 main major ones. But, okay, let's schedule twice or even like, 3 times if it's relevant at early days, and then and then we could just figure it out, like, if it's less bugs, then we can just skip calls until we we're almost free to Do we Do we want to use the customer success channel to get all of those things from Matt while they're happening? In Slack? May I suggest something here, please? Yeah. Sure. This is how it's going to go. I created a WhatsApp channel, Matt, for Kenneth, you, and Valentina. Right? So if you start with, like, you know, giving a list of books that are current in that channel today, that would be a good starting point. Like, and we need to internally manage this as a project because if customer is not happy, we are dead. Right? So just like you're managing a development board, I would like to manage a customer issues board. Doesn't make sense because it's not just getting the issues. It's fixing them and getting back to the customers on time that okay, this issue is fixed. So I need some sort of a representative here from customer side. So it's either going to be Annette or Valentina, but somebody needs to be, like, now, fully responsible for customer side communication. Right? So even if we do that Tuesday or Thursday meeting, like, what we should discuss is what we should discuss is, like, know what happened to 1 particular feature then. So, Matt, like, now I got your WhatsApp message. Is it possible you can list out the current problems that people are waiting on. Yep. Yep. I just sent the the way you're gonna use that 1. So at least any event by Athena knows that. That's our WhatsApp group. Okay. Yep. I'll I'll send there and then I'll maybe I can also jump in calls to show what the customers are are showing me. That way we also know, or I can just record it and send it there too, like whatever works for everyone. Okay. That's great then. So rhythm, like, no. That solves the problem. So, like, we need to manage it as a project, but Matt, let's take everything as fast as possible from Matt. Matt's hand. So just like, you know, the what we did last year, so something like that. No. Also, rhythm, if you if you wanna join that WhatsApp Group, let us know when we can add you as well. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Is there anything else, Valentina, do you want to give you quick update if she's here. Is she here? Yes. I'm here. So for Nara, it's still working in the in the landing pages, the other ones that we need to finish. And Let me sure. Yes. So we are created Creating the articles and also the future password link. So I'm working on that. So, Matt, I would like a slight discussion on here too. So I would like to get Valencia and to more reach out situation because I don't think it's very effective user for time. Just, like, you know, focusing completely on web pages. Is it possible? Like, now we can discuss on this too, like, maybe tomorrow's meeting as well? Yep. Yeah. So send me the the link and I'll join. Don't worry. But yeah. Okay. Alright. So my idea is, like, now, that she can start reaching out to people on a polo or something this this week. K. Right. And can you do a drip campaign for LinkedIn that bad. Will help us. So yep. Let's let's just start that discuss that tomorrow. Okay. Yeah. Alright then. Okay. Anything else anybody with them, Matt? Melentina. Let's push so we can close wrapping that logo will help us way too much. Okay. So I'm going to work with guys after this to to fix the bugs online, like, no move the changes that we have done online. Tomorrow, we can give you a better update on this. Right? This week, let's try to do more update. So we are trying to win we are able to win some customers. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. Alright then. Yep. Great for everyone. Thank you. Yeah. Bye bye. Bye bye. Oh, I'm dropping those. Okay. Bye. Bye.